if you are new to paracord bracelets and
looking for a really smart one that
actually adds some meaningful
capabilities to the paracord bracelet
and the survival application this could
be that choice for you
[Music]
hello my friends late boy scout here and
that's a big ole mess of paracord
bracelets on the table isn't it well I
like making paracord bracelets you guys
whether you make them or not probably
like wearing them some of you guys make
them some of you guys find new patterns
new colors and you're always trying to
do something new and cool with paracord
bracelets I got a lot of friends who are
way into it and just spend a lot of time
making bracelets it's fun to do it
really is it's really cool and we all
love wearing them and showing them off
yeah not just showing them off but of
course we all know that they're they're
made of this 550 pound test cord that
comes apart and has got seven strands in
it that could be used for all kinds of
survival scenarios and stuff okay we
know that okay it's it's old news
paracord bracelets are old news so how
do you do something new with paracord
bracelets especially if you are let's
say a knife maker trying to release a
paracord bracelet how can you do
something new how can you put out
something new well I'll tell you what
CRKT did with their new paracord
bracelet there it is and I'm wearing one
of them right now
well I like the fact that they branded
it that's pretty cool but that's not
enough to make it special is it what
you've got here is the standard well but
some people call the Cobra stitch it's
no different from you know what what we
see on a lot of wrists right or is it
different well what you typically get
with something like this the Cobra the
Cobra weave Cobra stitch whatever you
call it is a couple strands going down
the core right from one buckle to the
other and then this stitch done all the
way across it to make the bracelet
that's pretty common what can you do to
this bracelet to make it different to
make it worth buying not just making but
actually buying a bracelet
well CR katie has done something pretty
interesting and pretty cool this instead
of just having those two cords going
the center is actually got well you
don't see if I'm moving that close but
you can see there's something kind of
shiny and metallic in there and what is
it well I'll cut to the clip to show you
what it is that's actually a wire saw
there is a wire saw down the core of
this bracelet instead of just cordage
instead of just additional quarters so
you've got the cordage you've got a good
amount of cordage on the outside but it
down the core you've got a wire saw so
this bracelet designed for survival use
designed for having on you all the time
and also you know having that having
those abilities all the time is just
bringing in one more crucial and
important capability in that is the
ability to process and cut wood that's
awesome that's a really clever really
cool really cool way of attacking the
paracord bracelet from CRKT I encourage
you guys to keep an eye out for this
bracelet I my understanding is the CRKT
is releasing this soon if it's not
released already keep an eye out for it
it could be a great addition to your
paracord bracelet collection or if you
are new to paracord bracelets and
looking for a really smart one that
actually adds some meaningful
capabilities to the paracord bracelet
and the survival application this could
be that choice for you keep an eye out
for the CRKT paracord bracelet I'm late
Boy Scout thank you all for watching
we'll see you later